Bag and Shea's fiddle here we improve the app by adding Cicconetti and low dash.
And I think you can already see why adding libraries to your app might be a nice thing instead of just
sticking to vanilla javascript and writing everything on your own.
However this course mainly is about the different frameworks javascript offer us and we haven't had
a look at these yet.
We only used libraries and libraries are frameworks all come back.
The difference in a second.
We can still improve our app.
Because whilst it is leaner and we do use less code here we still have to write quite a bit of code
to simply add and remove some elements to and from the DOM and to managed to stay to store these ID
in the dorm and this is absolutely fine for smaller apps or if you only want to enhance tiny things
about existing HVM all pages.
But for bigger applications you might still hit that border where this becomes too cumbersome and we're
managing the state becomes very difficult.
That is one of the major things frameworks solved for you.
So let's have a closer look at this.
We had a look at libraries and at last you we recognize that we can still improve our app that is the
thing framework's try to do for you.
We typically have angular react in view.
Of course there are over javascript frameworks too but these free are probably the most popular ones
and the best ones the most modern ones.
Right now what's the difference between a framework like angular and a library like low Dasch or Cheikh
where the libraries typically fix certain problems Jake where he is a lot about working with the DOM
low Desch gives you a lot of utility functions for working with arrays or treating the unique ID but
still the overall how you create your application is something you have to decide.
Fromberg does more than just giving you some utility functions or focusing on one area.
A framework typically gives you a structure on how you should write your app and takes care about a
lot of the low level nitty gritty details which you would have to do otherwise.
For example adding or removing items to and from the dorm that is a task typically done by the framework
automatically so that you have still vanilla javascript as a codebase but a certain structure on how
to write your code to easily get features like adding or removing elements so that you can focus on
your business logic even more.
Let's see it in action and you will quickly understand which benefits frameworks offer you.